(1.1) Purpose
> The application was designed to make the process of travel planning easier, through incorporation of interactive chatbots. The users can interact with custom tailored travel chatbots and/or other users of the app, in order to plan their holidays in an efficient manner. The aim of this app is to minimize booking hassles, manage travel and accomodation itineraries all in one place, while also providing the users with the ability to discover exciting locations they migh have never heard of.
(1.2) User Demographics
> The application can serve the purpose of individuals who enjoy traveling and want to simplify their travel planning experience. Whether they are frequent travelers or planning their first trip, Travelisor caters to users of all levels of travel expertise. The application has been custom tailored to especially serve the senior citizens, who often have a hard time browsing the web and navigating through a plethora of menus and sub-menus.
(1.3) Working of the Application
> The application functions by providing a user-friendly interface where users can input their travel preferences and requirements, for example the country they want to visit, the type of place they want to visit, and so on. When you first open the app, you will be prompted by the Travelisor Assistant to select a country from the hundreds contained inside the dropview structure. Once you choose a specific country, a list of places associated with that country will be displayed. You can then proceed to ask questions in regards to a particular destination you are interested in and the Travelisor Assistant will provided detailed information based on your request. The users are provided with an option to chat with a chatbot that can personally cater to the questions of the users regarding all aspects of their travel planning, whether they are browsing locations, decided a location and want to know the travel options, prices, places of accomodation or other places of interest nearby their chosen destination. Based on the user preferences, the chatbot then provides the user a variety of options to go forward with. The app's database hosts more than 4000 handpicked unique locations from various countries to provide recommendations. Users can interact with the app in either guest mode, or create a user account and opt to save their preferences for future use.